README.md, before:

# Close PagerDuty Maintenance Window

This action will close a PagerDuty Maintenance Window using a provided maintenance window ID.

## Inputs
| Parameter               | Is Required | Description                                                                            |
| ----------------------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `pagerduty-api-key`     | true        | The PagerDuty api key that allows access to your services.                             |
| `maintenance-window-id` | true        | The ID of the maintenance window to be closed.                                         |
| `minutes`               | false       | The number of minutes to close the window in.  Defaults to 3.  Must be greater than 0. |


## Example

```yml
  jobs:
    deploy-the-code:
    runs-on: [self-hosted, ubuntu-20.04]
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Open a window
        id: open-window
        uses: im-open/open-pagerduty-maintenance-window@v1.0.0
        with:
          pagerduty-api-key: ${{secrets.PAGERDUTY_API_KEY}}
          description: 'Code deployment from GitHub Actions'
          minutes: 15
          service-ids: '[ "P0ABCDE" ]'
      
      - run: |
          deploy-the-code.sh
      
      - name: Close a window
        uses: im-open/close-pagerduty-maintenance-window@v1.0.0
        with:
          pagerduty-api-key: ${{secrets.PAGERDUTY_API_KEY}}
          maintenance-window-id: ${{ steps.open-window.outputs.maintenance-window-id }}
```

## Recompiling

If changes are made to the action's code in this repository, or its dependencies, you will need to re-compile the
action.

```sh
# Installs dependencies and bundles the code
npm run build

# Bundle the code (if dependencies are already installed)
npm run bundle
```

These commands utilize [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io/getting-started/#bundling-for-node) to bundle the action and
its dependencies into a single file located in the `dist` folder.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [im-open's Code of Conduct](https://github.com/im-open/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

Copyright &copy; 2021, Extend Health, LLC. Code released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

ARCH-1108 - Updating the readme, package.json and increment version files with latest standards.

README.md, after:

# Close PagerDuty Maintenance Window

This action will close a PagerDuty Maintenance Window using a provided maintenance window ID.

  - [Inputs](#inputs)
  - [Example](#example)
    - [Recompiling](#recompiling)
    - [Incrementing the Version](#incrementing-the-version)
  - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
  - [License](#license)
  
## Inputs
| Parameter               | Is Required | Description                                                                            |
| ----------------------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `pagerduty-api-key`     | true        | The PagerDuty api key that allows access to your services.                             |
| `maintenance-window-id` | true        | The ID of the maintenance window to be closed.                                         |
| `minutes`               | false       | The number of minutes to close the window in.  Defaults to 3.  Must be greater than 0. |


## Example

```yml
  jobs:
    deploy-the-code:
    runs-on: [self-hosted, ubuntu-20.04]
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Open a window
        id: open-window
        uses: im-open/open-pagerduty-maintenance-window@v1.0.2
        with:
          pagerduty-api-key: ${{secrets.PAGERDUTY_API_KEY}}
          description: 'Code deployment from GitHub Actions'
          minutes: 15
          service-ids: '[ "P0ABCDE" ]'
      
      - run: |
          deploy-the-code.sh
      
      - name: Close a window
        uses: im-open/close-pagerduty-maintenance-window@v1.0.1
        with:
          pagerduty-api-key: ${{secrets.PAGERDUTY_API_KEY}}
          maintenance-window-id: ${{ steps.open-window.outputs.maintenance-window-id }}
```

### Recompiling

If changes are made to the action's code in this repository, or its dependencies, you will need to re-compile the action.

```sh
# Installs dependencies and bundles the code
npm run build

# Bundle the code (if dependencies are already installed)
npm run bundle
```

These commands utilize [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io/getting-started/#bundling-for-node) to bundle the action and
its dependencies into a single file located in the `dist` folder.

### Incrementing the Version

This action uses [git-version-lite] to examine commit messages to determine whether to perform a major, minor or patch increment on merge.  The following table provides the fragment that should be included in a commit message to active different increment strategies.
| Increment Type | Commit Message Fragment                     |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| major          | -semver:breaking                            |
| major          | -semver:major                               |
| minor          | -semver:feature                             |
| minor          | -semver:minor                               |
| patch          | -default increment type, no comment needed- |

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [im-open's Code of Conduct](https://github.com/im-open/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

Copyright &copy; 2021, Extend Health, LLC. Code released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
